We might get a better name over time, and that's our meeting for September 14th or 15th in APAC and Hi Allen, glad you're here . I'm going to work to do more summarized communications to improve the signal and noise rate ratio in my communications to groups of people, including this group of people . This was written for this group, adding more items to our staff meeting in agenda often as really, rather than posting to our Slack channel . But I think it's going to go down

Anti abuse is moving product sections from sec to data science data sciences . The existing model ups, which has three groups in it, will be renamed . And the anti abuse stage, which only currently has one group, is called anti abuse .

I totally forgot you took half of these since Thomas has been doing it for so long, but appreciate it . Kind of thank this roll honestly and I volunteered because the exposure I get from it, it's nice to be part of a different collective group of people . I was going to mention I'll type this in here, but Tiago had set up for container security a bot that weekly I think it is Monday or Sunday will ping the team and ask for volunteer to go and resource that data .

There's an optional self evaluation which will move into work day . At the moment, some people are using the Google Docs for self evaluations . I'd suggest continuing to use those Docs until we get access to work day and see what the exact difference is on . The plan for right now is I'm going to be serving as a team .

We're not creating a new group, which I think is the same pattern that's happening within threat insights as well as just two teams . You're right out, I don't know if it's another take color Thomas, I started a down. That's the theme. We'll figure it out . The differentiation is that this is a split or long feature category .

Jay Neil Tiago we've talked about changes at a high level . I think Jay you've already looked at some changes around refinement that was near you that you were going to look at for interviews .

we've implemented a weekly refinement meeting kind of check in make sure stories are broken down tiny enough . It's debatable whether or not that's just inflated right you can work on a small piece of code and ship it and you can do that a lot of times you're going to get a higher MR rate or trying to be reasonable with that . I'm noticing a nice tick up. We're experimenting with the new section in our finding feature just called looking forward and

This was an agenda item with the EMs and I can say it now in the secure stage almost is that is the analyzer teams now . This was a topic yesterday so my I would assume that this is more if I could have changed to read but not digest the content and . What I was about to write and I am cautious in saying this because it almost comes across as smug and that is not my intent .

This particular topic and I have to admit that bias that I have . I didn't say any comment in the issue that's totally fine people found some of it useful some of the analysis useful . The for security issues that are subject to fed ramp if we if you have a feature category that is dips compliant or certified you're probably going to be part of the fed ramp evaluation and any security issue that has a CVE associated with it which means dependency or container scanning specifically . What do we need to do

I wanted to bring it here in case there was any questions or commentary . Nothing directly related to what you've just talked about, but sort of related for feed ramp you're looking at . There is of all link in another issue that is get that has instructions from app sec on what they would us to do as far as setting up container scanning .

Net is the TLDR is can folks there request to me and our peers was can folks check with their teams to see if the approvals are affecting them . So this is the new approval rules on segregation of duty so last this group not that everybody's here but in the group and they should be is all means are optional but have has had an impact these new approvals . But I'm not aware that it's actually slowing things down unless we miss unless it is happening and we're just

I've started to get feedback on it naming things is really important . I'd get lab to name the right kinds of things and give them good names so I'm going to run it by David descent out of morals he's great person to balance such things off of . That's actually my intent is only affects my stuff not everyone else's . This affects me as well I have a subset of enrichment .

I'm not sure we would get approval to introduce a new name or department level would certainly have to talk to people up so about introducing that and work day . So a couple of things these are kind of things that would sometimes put in slack and I've got see that which is not really so I would to add announcements of work anniversary's new hires to the meeting template .

Phil celebrated his third year and I congratulate him but then I missed another team member in sec. because there's 20 people in that list plus it's team member updates that's not a channel I look at a lot weekly I just happen to see that the day of so . I do being able to celebrate together in this group maybe also thanks or praise section thanks for doing this. And great job on that .

a monthly section of wide retrospectives new hires discretionary bonuses work anniversary's big feature releases . I mean anything that we want to announce and celebrate we ought to make sure that it's . Oh sorry and hey for Nando here so I'm shadowing Wayne now just to introduce myself from the technical marketing team . You can see that we provide updates the new team members and small little introductions and you can see sections that we have on gratitude and actual spotlights that we show who we're actually p

Daniel Croft is looking for feedback on the development vision and mission and direction . We're brainstorming on in the development department on mission and vision in particular the approach is one everybody you open up a little spreadsheet and follow the instructions anybody interested so should take about 10 to 15 minutes please do it in the next week . Thomas you've got. Because I cannot remember and so I'm hoping to crowdsource a bit of this configuration archeology so to speak .

I mean I'd suggest the organization is looking in the wrong place if they're looking and relate to see . The engineering projects page should list all the maintainers if you set up your team in trees correctly . We have one engineer that works on it. So we haven't gone and added a maintainer there because they know who they are . I'm reminded of this spider man meme with the two spider men pointing at each other who's from your author .

I follow up question would be this that does that cover the senior plus engineers must be a maintainer requirement or not . I took the read only off your comment there so you can . Well, we're going to end with the best news of the day. But as but the Maintainer requirement. Yes, it does. Oh, maybe because it's reporting for senior plus one back to that is just maintaining one or more I think is the requirement for a real. So I will move on to take that as a prompt.